In 1952, Dr. Virginia Apgar
pioneered a scoring system
to quickly evaluate
a newborn's physical health.
Oh, my God!
It's given at one minute
and five minutes after birth,
and it assesses the baby's
appearance, pulse, reflexes,
muscle tone, and breathing.
♪ I'm not bad, I'm not good
♪ I drank every sky
that I could ♪
♪ Made myself mythical
The baby's medical team
gives a score
for each category,
then adds them to gauge whether
the baby needs immediate care.
♪ Daffodil
Designed to fight
infant mortality,
the idea was simple...
♪ Every night
♪ Raising the dead...
...if we knew which babies were
in trouble, could we save them?
♪ And in the gloaming,
I start to cry ♪
♪ You're a perfect pearl
Incoming!
♪ Hung in the sky
♪ There is no bad
Okay, we're clear.
Let's get her out.
♪ There is no good
What do we got?
Tia Marwood.
29, 28 weeks pregnant,
auto versus pedestrian,
blunt trauma to the abdomen,
GCS 14, she reports
sharp abdominal pain,
no vaginal bleeding.
Get her to trauma three,
let's go!
Kwan and Bailey are right
behind us with Addison.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Until law enforcement confirms
that there is
no longer a threat,
Grey-Sloan is on
a hospital-wide lockdown.
All nonessential personnel
are being dismissed.
Only employees
and incoming trauma patients.
Hang on, hang on. Alright.
I was only clipped
by the car.
- It's my shoulder.
- Alright, Addison.
We can only do it
- until we fully assess you.
- Aah!
Okay, sorry, sorry.
- Okay, okay, okay, sorry.
- My shoulder. Ow!
Bed 5.
I need an update
from Chief of Security.
- Bailey!
- Yeah, I'm still here.
Bailey.
Go check on Tia.
- Someone page X-ray.
- Come on, come on.
- I'm on it.
- Go.
OB-GYN has room upstairs for
the rest of the clinic overflow.
Once we're cleared, we can start
doing intake on this group here.
Thank God.
Proof of life.
They said you were handling
clinic patients...
I wasn't out there.
...and so I called
and you didn't answer
and my mind
- went to a place.
- I'm sorry, I just--
Hey, um...
It's all good.
Question answered.
- I've gotta get back.
- Yeah, of course.
Okay, Yasuda, let's type
and cross for blood.
Call the blood bank
and tell them to activate
massive transfusion protocol.
On it. Okay.
What do you see, Adams?
Free fluid in the perihepatic
and perisplenic areas.
We need to get her
to CT.
Not until I see
the baby's tracing.
I wish I wasn't a doctor.
I wish I didn't understand
how bad this is.
We're doing
everything we can.
- Connor.
- Who's Connor?
C-Connor, that's his name.
A-After my father-in-law.
Dr. Wilson, promise me that
you're not gonna deliver him.
It's too early. His lungs
are not mature enough yet.
He's not ready.
He needs more time.
You and I both know
he needs more time.
Please.
ACB has been activated,
blood is on the way.
I need you to take
some deep breaths.
Okay, repetitive late decels.
The baby's in distress.
We need to get her upstairs
- right now.
- Yeah.
Damn it, V-fib.
Let's get a crash cart.
Okay, let's turn her on her left
side and get ready to intubate.
Let's drop some etomidate
and succs.
- Here's a cardiac board.
- Good girl.
Alright, and I'm coming
around to do compressions.
Okay.
Charge to 200, okay?
Clear!
Okay, alert the O.R.
Again.
Charge 200.
You didn't lose consciousness,
get dizzy,
notice
any vision changes?
- I'm fine.
- Left shoulder's dislocated.
We need to reduce it under
sedation and get you an MRI.
I'm fine.
I-- Ow!
I need to help Tia.
She's right next door
and she's got six
very capable doctors
around her.
I'm gonna lift your arm
a little bit.
Ow!
What happened to you?
I was grazed
with a brick.
The one thrown
through the window?
Has anyone ruled out
a head injury?
Let's go.
I'm fine.
People need to
stop saying that.
I'm coming back.
Ready for the ambu bag.
Ooh.
Just pop it back in.
Not without some sedation.
Just pop it back in,
damn it!
Griffith,
stand behind her.
Stabilize her shoulder.
Charge to 300.
Okay.
Clear!
One, two--
Aah! F--
Okay.
Griffith, come with me.
And clear!
What's happening?
No variability
on fetal monitor.
It's category three tracing.
How long?
How long?!
Almost two minutes.
We tried multiple rounds
of shock, epi, and boluses.
She is bleeding out
through her abdomen.
CPR's not gonna work.
Go ahead and prep the abdomen
for a C-section.
- Addison.
- Gown and glove me.
That baby is not gonna survive
in the uterus any longer.
We've got
to get the baby out.
I'm not gonna let that person
behind the wheel
take two lives
out of this family.
Okay.
Let's get an ex lap tray
and some towels.
Hang two units of blood.
Page the NICU.
We need an incubator and
a resuscitation team down here.
Okay, I'll get gowned and
gloved. Adams, take over.
Alright,
get the lap pads ready.
I'm so sorry.
Okay,
we need to move faster.
Come on, come on.
Are we ready?
10-blade.
Stopping
compressions.
Incision.
I'm going to extend
the incision.
Suction.
Let's give another
round of epi.
Dr. Yasuda, break's over.
If they don't need you in there,
go do intake on bed 4.
I need more retraction.
Okay, there's bleeding
in the liver and spleen.
- Lap pads.
- Isn't she already gone?
Why are we packing her--'Cause we don't stop
until we do everything
that we can, okay?
More lap pads.
How we doing, DeLuca?
I've got him.
He's out.
Wilson, cut the cord. Yep.
Oxygen mask and prepare
for suction and intubation.
Hey, baby boy.
Hang on for us.
Okay, restarting
chest compressions.
Okay, hang two units of blood
- and push one of epi.
- Come on, Tia.
Come on.
Come on, Tia.
There!
- Wow.
Okay.
Oh, thank God.
Let's get her to the O.R.
while she still has a pulse.
And can somebody get me
her husband's number?
I'm on it.
Okay, I'm intubating
the baby now.
Griffith, make sure
NICU knows we're coming.
Yes,
Dr. Montgomery.
Essential personnel only.
We're first responders.
You guys got patients
with you?
My wife runs the clinic.
Miranda Bailey.
Our daughter is upstairs
in the daycare.
This entrance is closed.
Dr. Altman!
Teddy!
It's okay.
They're with me.
Essential personnel only.
I'm chief of surgery.
They're essential.
- Have you seen Carina?
- She's in surgery.
- Oh, my God.
- No, she-- she's doing surgery.
She's okay
and Bailey's okay, too.
Oh, thank God.
If anyone else gives you
trouble, just have them page me.
- Alright. Thanks, Teddy.
- Thank you.
This process seems to take
a lot longer
when you're
on the other side of it.
Almost done.
Remember when being a doctor
was considered heroic?
Like firefighters
and teachers?
Who does this?
I mean, who throws bricks
and runs cars into doctors?
Scans are up.
What do you see?
Uh, no bleeding,
no fractures...
No traumatic
brain injuries.
Then can someone get me
out of here
so I can go back to work? Not so fast.
You could be concussed,
so you should go home.
I live alone.
If I go home and fall asleep,
I could die
and no one would know.
Okay, fine, but you need
to be supervised
and undergo regular
neuro checks.
Wha-- I-I don't want
to supervise him.
Well, I don't care.
He can't do any procedures
or scrub in.
Only let him do notes
and patient intake.
And page if he has
any dizziness or headaches.
Hello?
Hey.
Did you need something?
No, I just wanted
to check in.
Dr. Pierce.
Well, Mr. Lingenfelser's post-op
cardiac index is improving.
I think we can discharge
in the morning.
Okay, that's good.
I was actually
checking on you.
Uh...
Is everyone okay?
Uh, there's a pregnant doctor
who might not be.
I just...
I cannot process this, so I just
need to focus on my patients.
Like, if I keep telling myself
that everything is fine,
then eventually,
that will make it true, right?
Yeah. The world doesn't make
a whole lot of sense right now.
No, it doesn't.
Oh, uh, Sound Science
sent copies of the issue
for the partial heart
transplant feature.
So I left one for you
in the lounge.
Oh.
What did you think?
You didn't read it?
I got paged as soon
as I started it.
But I'm sure
you did great.
Winston.
Yeah?
Thanks for checking in.
"M" as in "Mary", "I" as in
"Igloo", "L" as in "Larry."
Yes, Ms. Anderson.
I have paged Dr. Millin,
but Dr. Yasuda should
have done your intake.
- Max?
- Where did she--
Jules!
What are you doing here?
Being paranoid.
Norma needs
a knee replacement.
Maxine thinks
she's a doctor.
Ms. Douglas,
your knee is very swollen.
You see? I told you.
We heard some doctors
got hit by a car.
Was that you?
No, no.
Uh, I'm okay, but thanks
for your concern.
Ms. Douglas, have you had
a fall recently?
No.
Any history of gout,
rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis?
Unh-unh.
Okay.
Dr. Millin,
page ortho for her knee.
Wait. She won't tell you,
but I will.
It burns when she pees.
Norma!
Max, you have to
say something.
Remember what happened
last time?
Could be another UTI.
I'll get you a cup
for a urinalysis.
Anything else?
Orange spice tea?
- You know the one I like.
- I'll see what I can do.
Your grandma's
a piece of work.
Oh, Max isn't my grandma.
She's my roommate.
How severe
are her injuries?
Uh, we won't know until
we get her into the O.R.,
but your wife has lost
a lot of blood.
Dr. Bailey, I've been married
to a doctor for five years.
I know when you're hedging.
Please just tell me
what's going on.
Okay, uh, Tia went into cardiac
arrest in the trauma bay,
which forced us to have to
perform an emergency C-section.
We have a team resuscitating
the baby as we speak.
The baby?
That's our baby?
Yes. Your baby.
Your-- Your son.
I will be
on the first flight.
Do whatever you have to do
to save them.
Please. You have my word.
Thank you.
Okay, tell reception to keep
an eye out for Mr. Marwood,
and then scrub in.
Will do.
Thank you.
I'm okay.
Umbilical lines are in.
First hurdle's cleared.
What's that?
Getting him here alive.
O2 is dropping.
Heart rate's in the 60s,
falling fast.
Ambu him.
Yeah, breathing's equal
on both sides.
I'm gonna start
chest compressions.
Okay, little man.
When your mama gets out
of surgery,
she's gonna want to see you
on the other side.
She's been through way too much
for you to give up now, okay?
So I am not gonna
let you give up.
Not today.
Sats are improving.
He's back.
Oh, thank God.
- You doing okay over there?
- Yeah.
I think I held my breath
for that entire time.
That was--
Scary?
Abject terror
is more like it.
Welcome to the NICU.
What's the best approach
for dural sutures?
Do you know the best approach
for dural suturing?
Eh, you're fine.
And it's continuous sutures.
Okay.
- I got a question for you.
- Hmm?
Why do you live
with a 90-year-old?
Uh, Maxine is 81,
and I was friends
with her grandson in med school.
She offered to sublet me
her extra room
for a third of what I would pay
anywhere else.
She also makes amazing
matzo ball soup
and I don't have
to worry
about being quiet
when I come home late
because she takes her
hearing aids out at night.
It's a win-win.
Hi.
So, her knee's okay?
According to the X-ray,
there is no sign of a fracture.
- Told ya.
- However, there is a lot
of fluid buildup.
I'd like to take a sample
to rule out septic arthritis.
Can I take a look?
You can look at anything
you want.
Hey, easy, Norma.
For God's sake, Norma.
Jules tells me all the time.
We can't talk like that anymore.
Have you seen him?
What do you think, Doc?
These popsicle sticks
got me all the way
to State Championship
back in my majorette days.
Norma's worse than me.
Okay, you ready to learn
how to aspirate a knee?
- Absolutely.
- Uh. I'll do it.
Concussions
to the back.
Okay, we're gonna
tap the knee now.
I'd like to tap that.
Okay.
Oh. Chief Altman!
Can I walk with you?
If you can walk fast.
How are you
holding up today?
Today must be a crazy day
to be chief.
I've got Seattle PD
and hospital security
briefing me every minute,
planning for every
possible threat.
You know, I am really good
in a crisis,
but no matter how many times
you've been in literal warfare,
it never gets easier.
Also,
I haven't eaten in hours,
and if one more person mentions
"risk assessment"
or "liability,"
I might just walk out of here
and never come back.
Though, I'm kinda feeling
better. Thanks for asking.
Yeah, I was actually going to
ask your advice about something.
So, the Sound Science article
came out today
about the partial
- heart transplant.
- Congratulations.
- Yeah.
- I'm looking forward to reading
it once things calm down.
Maybe skip the part
where they quoted me
saying that I assembled a team
of highly skilled assistants,
including my husband,
Dr. Winston Ndugu.
Did you say that?
I also said that
he's a highly skilled surgeon
and that it was
a 50/50 effort,
but they didn't
print that.
Well, now it looks like
you're taking all the credit
- and insulting your husband.
- Exactly.
Alright, how can I help
you out with this?
Can the hospital ask
for a correction?
Please.
I-I wouldn't ask if this
wasn't urgent.
Okay, I will put a call
into the PR department
once I get through today,
but, Pierce, you really
should talk to your husband.
Owen and I didn't talk
for months,
and it nearly broke us.
Do not wait for the hospital
to issue a statement.
Okay, let's get started.
Sorry I'm late.
Excuse me.
All that chaos
outside, and look at her.
Not a care in the world.
Just putting ears on a potato.
Really shifts your perspective,
doesn't it?
How's she doing?
It's Addison.
She isn't listening to anyone,
including her own body,
so that she can take care
of a patient.
But I know she's in pain
because she's biting her lip,
which is something
that she does
when she's trying to
distract herself from something.
Yeah, I know she means
a lot to you."A lot" doesn't describe it.
I think the universe
felt badly
when I got stuck with my
three biological sisters,
so eventually, it gave me
Addison and Meredith and Maggie.
Mm.
They need me in the ICU.
Go. I could stay.
I'll observe
her range of motion
and keep an eye out
for that lip bite.
She still needs
that follow-up X-ray, MRI,
and another
neurovascular exam.
Amelia...
I've got her.
Dr. Yasuda.
Yeah.
Yasuda,
are you okay?
I don't think I am.
She's decompensating.
Her spleen's shattered.
Multiple lacerations
to the liver, as well.
Let's prep for
a splenectomy and give her cryo.
You know she was our very first
applicant for the fellowship?
I remember.
In the interview, we told her
we were concerned her pregnancy
could make the timing challenging
because she was coming
all the way from Tennessee.
Then she said, "I'm about
to become a mother.
What could be more
challenging than that?"
No one could've seen
this coming, Bailey.
Coming here wasn't
a requirement of her program.
But she came anyway,
while pregnant,
because she wanted to help
other pregnant women.
And today,
she became a mother.
That's our patient.
That's who we're saving.
She's coding.
Hold on, Tia.
Hang more FFP.Bailey: Removing the spleen.
Dr. Bailey, it's yours.
It's Tia's husband.
Okay, we'll call him
when we can.
Ugh, she's still
bleeding everywhere.
Her body can't clot
or oxygenate.
Liver's still oozing.
I just need a little more time
to control these bleeders.
- Dr. Bailey.
- Silence it!
- I'm on it.
- How are we, Knox?
She's severely acidotic.
Base deficit is minus 10.
I'm giving TXA.
There's blood
in her NG tube.
Her temperature's
dropping fast. Dr. Hunt?
She didn't give up downstairs.
I am not giving up in here.
If we continue operating, she
won't make it out of this O.R.
Look, she's acidotic,
hypothermic, and coagulopathic.
Let's take her to the ICU
and give her a break.
Fine. Let's pack her.
Give me as much lap pads
as you have.
Let's go,
let's go, let's go.
You're okay.
I-I have a patient
at six centimeters, so I--
- Yeah, you have to go.
- I have to go.
Thank you for coming.
Hey, Jackie.
Um... the cold will help ground
you in the present...
break the shock.
Will you take a look
around this room
and name five objects
that you see?
A bedpan.
That's one.
Stool.
Two.
Lab coat.
Mm-hmm, three.
I am mortified.
I just froze.
Surgeons can't freeze.
You weren't in an O.R.
No, I can't get Tia out
of my head, just lying there.
And I-I just keep thinking that
it could have been any of us.
It could've been me.
I'm a monster for saying it.
You're not.
And do not apologize for your
reaction to a traumatic event.
Today was not normal.
It was violent.
The clinic was attacked.
You were attacked.
You didn't sign up
for that,
and that is not what this job
is supposed to be.
So, look,
take whatever time you need.
Whatever space. Okay.
That's what
makes you human.
What's 64 divided by 8?
- Eight.
- I wasn't asking you.
Don't you have
other patients to bother?
Oh, Norma and Maxine's prelim
test results are in.
We have
your initial results.
Uh, Max, would you like
to come with me?
Nonsense.
Whatever you have to say
to one of us,
you can say to both of us.
Are you comfortable
with this?
Oh, you know me.
I haven't cared about
propriety since 1986.
You have gonorrhea.
Both of you,
if that wasn't... clear.
Yours settled
in your knee.
It's called
gonococcal arthritis.
Uh, gonorrhea is contracted
by having sexual intercourse--
We know
how you get it.
We have to ask you to call
all of your sexual partners.
Now?
I-It's advisable to, um,
get anyone who's been exposed
treated regardless
of their test results.
You didn't tell me you
were sleeping with someone.
You didn't tell me, either.
I wanted to, but it's not
exactly the conversation
for the Mahjong table.
Hi. This is Happy Hal.
I'm sorry I missed you.
I'm out on the town
doing my thing.
Please leave your name
and number
and I'll get back to you.
Well, this is awkward.
I thought we might
find you here.
Carina's
delivering a baby.
She operated on the doctor
who got hit.
She delivered
that doctor's baby,
and now she's delivering
another baby
and she's
a miracle worker.
I don't stop to think
about it enough,
but my wife
is a bringer of life.
I'm sorry, I just needed
to hear her voice.
No, I get it. I get it.
It's a scary day.
Guess this is
what it feels like.
- What do you mean?
- To be married to us.
When you and I found out
that something had happened
at the clinic,
we both ran here.
We had to know
that they were okay.
We had to-- Oh.
We had to see it. Yeah.
My stomach literally
went upside down.
Like, I-I felt it turn, like,
I actually might need surgery.
Well, we do that to them
on a daily basis.
God, it feels awful.
We're awful people.
But they knew what they were
getting into, though, right?
I think Carina did.
Bailey married you
when you were still a doctor.
Okay, vitals look good.
He looks stable for now.
Griffith,
you need a break?
I mean, I'm kinda the one
who got hit by a car over here.
Sorry. I just...
I was in here
when I was born.
In the NICU?
In this NICU.
My mom was somewhere on another
floor, fighting for her life.
And I'm just...
amazed.
Amazed by what?
Someone like you
did this for me.
saved my life.
He's bradycardic.
Start chest compressions
and keep 'em coming.
No breath sounds.
Ambu him.
Sats are dropping.
Do we need an X-ray?
There's no time for that.
Give me your pen light.
Wh-- Wh--Ask questions later, Griffith.
Okay, and turn
that light off. Now.
See how this side lights up
and this side doesn't?
He's got a pneumothorax. I need
a 22-gauge needle and a syringe.
Hurry, please.
Go ahead.
10 cc's of air.
And I have breath sounds.
Heart rate's coming up.
Sats are normalizing.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Can you get an oscillator
and prep for a chest tube
and give him
another dose of surfactant?
Okay.
No, I've got this, Wilson.
Y-You go check up
on your other patients.
Are you sure? Because I-I know
that she just--
I'm sure.
Okay.
Hi. You've reached
Brandon Marwood.
Please leave a message.
Uh, y-- Mr. Marwood, uh,
it's Dr. Bailey from Grey-Sloan.
I know you're on a plane
right now, but I have an update.
Tia has been transferred
to the ICU.
We're gonna let her rest
for a few hours,
and then
take her back to the O.R.
and finish repairing
her injuries.
Um... we'll be right here
waiting for you.
I won't leave her side.
So, she's your Tuesday night
- "standing canasta game"?
- Oh!
And she's your "Well,
I'll just go take a nap
in the community room"?
Ladies, please.
You said you didn't even
like blondes!
She's not
a natural blonde.
I am so!
Okay, Max, calm down,
calm down.
Norma,
you calm down, too.
Hal, if you could just
sit by Dr. Kwan.
Sir, your results should be
back soon,
but we'd like to give you
the shot anyway
because you're likely
the... source.
That's impossible.
I am healthy as a horse!
The most common STD symptoms
are often no symptoms at all.
- Oh, my God.
- You'll need to contact
your sexual partners.
All of 'em?
Yes.
Hal.
Oh, geez.
Uh...
Hazel Rothman, Judy Booth...
Oh, yeah.
Martha from water aerobics.
Not Martha!
She's 98!
You're an ageist!
- And you're a liar!
- You son of a bitch!
And you're a filthy liar,
and you're not even
that good in bed.
This is officially
an outbreak.
Contact the housing manager
and let them know
that the residents are spreading
gonorrhea and need tests.
- And condoms.
- But Millin lives there.
Can't she just leave a note on
the social halls or something?
I don't care.
Just somebody let them know.
Sooner
rather than later.
It's remarkable. Hmm.
It's the resilience,
the will to live.
Yeah.
Never ceases to amaze me.
Tia?
Stable, for now.
And Dr. Lincoln
is waiting for you.
Yeah. Tell him
I'll be there soon.
Yeah, see, he said you'd say
that, and that I should say
if you want to operate again,
"soon" should be... now.
And then, he said that if I
couldn't get you to come out,
he'd make me pay for it.
Personally.
Oh, my God.
Alright.
I'm coming. Just...
page me if anything changes, immediately.
Uh, mind if I stay
with Connor?
I-I heard Tia tell Dr. Wilson
they were gonna name him Connor.
Hi, Connor.
What do you need,
Yasuda?
Sorry I disappeared.
Did I miss anything?
Right.
Could I sit with her
for a minute?
Let you take a break,
grab some coffee?
No.
Oh, um...
Okay.
Then I'm-- I'm--
No, she's hypotensive
and slightly tachy.
She's still bleeding
from her abdomen.
Oh, look at
the wound vac.
Okay, uh, call the O.R.
Get the team up here.
Get over here.
S-Shouldn't we be taking her
back to the O.R.?
No time.
Y-Yasuda.
If I'm going to open this woman
up, I need your hands.
- We're opening her up here?
- We need to move,
right now!
You'll have to wear the sling
for about four weeks,
but keep your elbow, wrist,
and hand moving.
It'll help.
And don't ignore
the PT exercises
no matter
how exhausted you get.
Honestly, it...
it wouldn't be
a terrible idea
to take a break from the road
for a couple of weeks.
Thank you.
It's me.
Talk to me.
You know, the irony...
of all of this
is that these people
are targeting me
for the abortion care
that I provide
when that is actually
the least common procedure
I am doing in the PRT.Mm.
I'm mostly providing
wellness checks,
prenatal care, annual...
pelvic exams, pap smears.
Since so many clinics
have closed
in the last several months,
I'm the only option they have.
It's exhausting.
It's a disaster.
Hmm.
And I can't take a break.
If I take a break, I mean,
who-- who's gonna do the work?
When he suggested
that you take a break,
I thought you were gonna
throw the tablet at him.
Oh, I almost did.
What happened?
Wound vac
was soaked with blood.
She's still bleeding out.
I found it.
It's the liver.
What do you want to do?
- Uh, Pringle maneuver.
- Bedside?
Atraumatic clamps, please.
Yasuda, put your hand
where my hand is.
You're gonna hold
the bleeding here
while Wilson clamps
the blood flow to the liver.
Then I will try
and control the bleeding.
Come on, come on.
Follow my hand.
Okay.
Yeah. Here, I'll help.
- Alright, alright.
- Like that?
Exactly like that.
- Okay, go, Wilson.
- Okay.
Hepatoduodenal ligament
is clamped.
Okay, good.
O-chromic liver suture.
Great. Okay, alright.
Alright, I'm going deep.
I see it.
Okay, pressure's climbing.
Okay, scissors.
Okay, let's pack her
- and get a new wound vac.
- Okay.
Not yet, Tia.
Too many people need you.
No sexual activity
for a week.
We want to give the antibiotics
time to do their job.
You already told me, dear.
And I heard it
when you told Norma and Hal.
Just making sure.
Can't have a sick roomie.
Who else is gonna make me
the world's best French toast
when I work
the night shift?
It's all about
a drop of vanilla.
And I'm sorry that Hal
turned out to be such a jerk.
Me too.
Guys can be pigs.
Gay ones, too.
Women can be...
At first, they tell us
not to have sex at all
and that we're sluts
if we enjoy it.
And then they tell us
if we get pregnant,
we must carry the baby
no matter what.
And once we're mothers,
whether by force or by choice,
they judge us for that, too.
Because there's certainly
no way to be a perfect mother.
So, as women,
we get judged and attacked
for every single decision
we ever make.
You want to know the upside
of this misogyny,
this patriarchy?
Women become invisible
around the age of 60,
and then you can do
whatever the hell you like,
including having a lot of great
sex, because no one cares.
And now, I have an antibiotic
and no regrets.
Except, perhaps, for waiting
so long to live my best life.
See you at home, dear.
Winston, I...
They cherry-picked
my quotes,
took everything
out of context.
But I'm making them change it,
and Teddy will help.
But you said it, so...
I also said that you were one
of the most brilliant surgeons
I have ever worked with,
and that we were equal partners.
We came up with
that procedure together.
I-I didn't
even get a mention.
Just one of
the "assistants."
Journalists always want
to characterize me
as some kind of wunderkind
in a league of my own.
And it's just clickbait.
That's it.
Okay, so it's
the journalist's fault.
Winston, I--Take some responsibility.
For once!
I can't control what other
people write about me.
Alright.
When did we stop giving each
other the benefit of the doubt?
I think it's when you said
you don't respect me.
And this article
really drives that home.
I want to fix this.
Tell me what to do
to fix this.
- I want to fix us.
- Maggie, there's no fix.
T-There's just--
There's feelings.
Like, my God,
say you're sorry.
Say you
got some things wrong.
Say you didn't mean
to hurt me.
Say you understand
how I feel.
Say you love me
and mean it.
Say you respect me
I respect you, Winston.
I don't believe you.
Woman over P.A.:
Dr. Sellers, 4619.
Dr. Mari Sellers, 4619
Hey.
They caught the driver.
They lifted
the hospital lockdown,
and if you want to keep
the clinic closed
for a couple days,
everyone would understand.
It'll be open
tomorrow morning.
Dr. Bailey.
This is Brandon Marwood,
Tia's husband.
Sh-- Is she, uh...
Is she gonna live?
Well, she's stable,
for now.
We are giving her fluid and
putting her on sedation breaks
to monitor
her brain function.
After all that she's been
through, there's no guarantees,
but we are hopeful
that she will wake up.
Okay.
If Tia has shown us
anything today,
it's she's strong
and determined.
Yeah.
She always has been.
Wanna go in
and sit with her?
Yeah.
Okay.
Tests and algorithms
don't tell the whole story.
They're snapshots in time.
♪ Time is a wheel
that is spinning ♪
♪ Always moving on
♪ The moments
you think last forever ♪
♪ You look up
and one day they're gone ♪
♪ Gotta hold on, hold on
There's not a roadmap
for every uncertainty we meet.
♪ I see little glimmers
of heaven ♪
♪ From the waves
to my own daughter's eyes ♪
♪ Of all the things
this life could offer ♪
With some things,
we just have to wait and see.
♪ Than to hold on, hold on
♪ Gotta hold on, hold on
Tia will wake up.
I hope so.
And that baby is gonna
come out of the NICU.
I hope that, too.
Well,
you don't have to hope
'cause I have enough hope
for both of us.
Well, you need any money,
food, or...?
What?
I'm not going off
to college.
♪ Give it all your heart
and soul ♪
Thank you for coming.
♪ They'll be gone
before you know ♪
Time to sweep up the glass
and get back to work.
Please be safe out there.
♪ Everything we're looking for
♪ Has been in our reach
all along ♪
♪ All we gotta do is listen
We have to reach down
inside ourselves
and find that last
piece of strength...
♪ Let it stop you and behold
♪ 'Cause
it's something beautiful ♪
♪ Gold
♪ All the little seconds
that we hold ♪
Tia! Tia! Tia!
I'm right here, baby.
I'm right here.
C-Can you hear me?
Is he--
Is he-- Is he okay?
No, no, Connor's okay.
He's okay, babe.
He's okay.
You've... seen--
seen him?
I saw him.
He is so beautiful.
He's so beautiful.
♪ From the morning
to the midnight ♪
♪ From the high roads
to the low tide ♪
♪ Feel it all
'cause it's all part of it ♪
♪ Yeah, we watch it
as it goes by ♪
♪ Then we look back
and we realize ♪
♪ Every minute
was all just a gift ♪
You don't have to
hold it in anymore.
♪ Gold
♪ All the little seconds...
I'm right here.
♪ ...that we hold
♪ Every picture in our mind
we get to take ♪
♪ Don't let one get away
♪ Give it all your heart
and soul ♪
♪ They'll be gone
before you know ♪
♪ So treasure it like gold
...as impossible
as it can be to find.
We have to rise
to meet the occasion...
♪ Cause it's something
beautiful ♪
Someone wanted
to meet you.
Hi, Connor.
Hi, my sweet love.
♪ Every single breath
we get to take ♪
♪ Don't let them go to waste
♪ Give it
all your heart and soul ♪
♪ They'll be gone
before you know ♪
♪ So treasure it like gold
♪ From the morning
to the midnight ♪
♪ From the high roads
to the low tide ♪
♪ Feel it all
'cause it's all part of it ♪
♪ Yeah, we watch
it as it goes by ♪
♪ Then we look back
and we realize ♪
♪ Every minute
was all just a gift ♪
♪ Gold
♪ All the little seconds
that we hold ♪
♪ Every picture in our mind...
We have to rise to keep going.
♪ Don't let one get away
♪ Give it
all your heart and soul ♪
♪ They'll be gone
before you know ♪
♪ So treasure it like gold
Captions by VIT--